#
# Script: Setup base

# Turn echo on
echo on

# Login the Admin user
login Admin admin

# Create the setup project
createTempfileProject

# Switch to the setup project
setCurrentProject "_setupProject"

# Initialize the default property definitions
createPropertyDefinition Title
createPropertyDefinition Description
createPropertyDefinition Keywords
createPropertyDefinition NavText
createPropertyDefinition NavPos
createPropertyDefinition export
createPropertyDefinition exportname
createPropertyDefinition default-file
createPropertyDefinition content-encoding
createPropertyDefinition internal
createPropertyDefinition cache
createPropertyDefinition stream
createPropertyDefinition template
createPropertyDefinition template-elements
createPropertyDefinition locale
createPropertyDefinition config.containerpage
createPropertyDefinition config.sitemap
